Add ascii functionality (#20604)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/functions/string.rst

    some languages. Specifically, this will return incorrect results for
    Lithuanian, Turkish and Azeri.

.. function:: ascii(n) -> integer

    Returns the ASCII code of the first character of a given parameter.

>     Parameter `n` needs to be convertible to `varchar`, which in this case are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Parameter `n` must be convertible to `varchar`, which means that `n` must be one of the following data types:
```
